Add a slide on capturing this (#188)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/morelanguage/lambda.tex

  \end{block}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[11]{Capture list}
  \begin{block}{Capturing this}
    Inside a (non-static) member function, we can capture \mintinline{cpp}{this}.
  \end{block}
  \begin{block}{}
    \begin{cppcode*}{gobble=2}
      [this](...) { use(*this); };
      [&](...) { use(*this); };
      [&, this](...) { use(*this); };
      [=](...) { use(*this); };       // deprecated in C++20
      [=, this](...) { use(*this); }; // allowed in C++20
    \end{cppcode*}

>     The object at \mintinline{cpp}{*this} is captured by reference.

Reviewer: That might be a bit confusing. This might not fit on the slide, but how about:
```suggestion
    \mintinline{cpp}{this} is a pointer. Therefore, referring to \mintinline{cpp}{*this} is like referring to the object by reference.
```

Author: I tried to elaborate further.

Reviewer: That's good. Merge this if it fits on the slide. 🙂
